Step by step guides (#144)
Lightning-AI/lit-llama: docs/inference.md

> # Inference

Author: The description misses the --dtype bfloat16 because of #146

> We demonstrate how to run inference (next token predictin) with the LLaMA base model in the [`generate.py`](generate.py) script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We demonstrate how to run inference (next token prediction) with the LLaMA base model in the [`generate.py`](generate.py) script:
```

```bash
python generate.py --prompt "Hello, my name is"
```
Output:
```
Hello my name is TJ. I have a passion for the outdoors, love hiking and exploring. I also enjoy traveling and learning new things. I especially enjoy long walks, good conversation and a friendly smile.
```

> The script assumes you have downloaded and converted the weights and saved them in the `./checkpoints` folder as described [here](download_weights.md). If you have the weights stored elswehere, you can pass it in as a parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script assumes you have downloaded and converted the weights and saved them in the `./checkpoints` folder as described [here](download_weights.md). If you have the weights stored elsewhere, you can pass the weights file in as a parameter:
```

```bash
python generate.py --prompt "Hello, my name is" \
    --checkpoint_path ./checkpoints/lit-llama/7B/state_dict.pth \
    --tokenizer_path ./checkpoints/lit-llama/tokenizer.model
```

> With the default settings, this will run the 7B model and require ~26 GB of GPU memory (A100 GPU).

Reviewer: Worth mentioning `bfloat16` at this point (before quantization)
